Oh fire misread say wat fire misread
gonna get your fire misread song called
fire misread now dig it fender custom
shop dealer select why would 10 that
whole sentence right there kind of takes
one thing savagery when excellence 1961
Telecaster relic our 5871 86.2 three
pounds fire misread dig this color
almost matches my shirt one-two punch
papow your sternum destroyed you just
heard mr. neck pickup let's hear both
pickups wired together for beautiful
musical congress
the exotic sounds of hispania
you
sweet sweet sounds let us go onward with
perhaps a little bit of the pummel or
position that would be the bridge pickup
diggit
hey
hahaha farmers Greg here at
Wildwood guitars playing this fender
custom shop dealer select Wildwood 1061
Telecaster audio special friend